Single Fetch: proxy request signal through on interrupted loader calls (#9738)
remix-run/remix: .changeset/fluffy-ways-bathe.md

---
"@remix-run/react": patch
---

> Singl Fetch: proxy abort signal through dataStrategy for loaders for request cancellation

Author: ```suggestion
Single Fetch: Proxy `request.signal` through `dataStrategy` for `loader` calls to fix cancellation
```
